---
layout: post
current: email
navigation: True
cover: assets/images/email.jpg
title: Email Providers
date: 2019-10-7 10:00:00
tags: [Service Recommendations]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post tag-service-recommendations'
author: thinkprivacy
---

Gmail, Yahoo, and Outlook seem to dominate the email world, but none of them take your privacy seriously. Gmail gives third parties access to information inside your account and they even have the ability to target ads to you based on what's inside your inbox. Look to the options below for privacy respecting email providers. 

We have categorized emails providers based on threat model needs. **End-to-End Encrypted** meaning the most hardened of options offering end-to-end encyption and giving the user control of the encryption keys. **Ad-Free/Private** meaning email providers who do not access your emails for data, tracking you, or display ads as part of their service. 

<p><strong>Use Instead Of:</strong> Gmail, Hotmail, Office 365, Yahoo.</p>

{% include /apps/email.html %}

## Email Aliases

{% include /apps/email_alias.html %}

## Email Provider Criteria

### Location/Jurisdiction
<br>
**Ad-Free/Private** - Anywhere in the world.

**End-to-End Encrypted** - Outside of the US and the five-eyes.

### Encryption
<br>
**Ad-Free/Private** - Emails must be stored on encrypted disks. 

**End-to-End Encrypted** - Must encrypt at rest with zero-access. User must control encryption keys.

### Privacy
<br>
**Ad-Free/Private** - Company does not read or use email content for ads or any other reason.

**End-to-End Encrypted** - Company has zero-access to email content. All emails are stored encrypted at rest, and are E2EE.